Peace, security, your balance, finding support.
Jehovah promised, grasping your right hand, saying to you,
Do not be afraid, I will help you.
He stretches out his hand to us every day through magazines, books, films, videos.
They help us to live by his word.
All this is available to us thanks to the cooperation of 90 branch offices throughout the world.
One of them is in Celtus.
Over 30 persons translate the articles and videos from English into German.
They are recorded and published on our website or are prepared for print.
Large editions are produced at high speed. Advanced technology is used.
The entire process focuses on quality.
Literature for 1.3 million brothers is sent from here in 300 languages.
Literature is packed for over 16,500 congregations.
It is sent to all four corners of the earth.
Even to the most eastern parts of Asia, a branch committee coordinates all Bethel operations.
These experienced men also look after the preaching work throughout the branch territory.
Conventions are organised. The activity of circuit overseers is coordinated.
Schools are also planned.
The idea behind these schools is for the graduates to lend a helping hand to the congregations.
We loved the school. It was a special training from Jehovah.
Concepts are developed and executed for the construction, extension and renovation of Bethel homes and assembly halls.
When we found the lightning, when we were assigned to do an assembly hall, we first looked for properties.
It has to be large enough and were located for the brothers to easily reach.
We also look for sufficient parking space and good public transport.
We usually have several properties to choose from.
Then we work out different options and drawings for each side.
After that, we send these options to the governing body for review and approval.
For questions on non-blood medical management,
600 brothers in 80 hospital liaison committees are available.
The commitment of the brothers in the hospital liaison committees has always been amazing to me.
Everything they do for their brothers is out of love and without payment.
When we think of such a service, we clearly see Jehovah's Hand.
At Bethel, all live together like a big family.
Of course, the spiritual program is very important.
We enjoy the well-prepared comments that morning worship.
And then, of course, we look forward to watch our study on Monday evening,
when the Bethel family comes together to study God's words of study.
All the work accomplished here is not just any kind of work.
False loving devotion.
It is sacred service, no matter where one comes from.
No matter what the assignment, the common goal is
to promote the worldwide work to honor Jehovah.
Jehovah helps us to remain strong in the faith,
to reach out for his hand toward a bright future.